Sweet Slate Cyborg

medium

# The scenario where the buffer in RsETHAdapter can be much larger than expected

## Summary
There is a scenario where the buffer value can exceed the `targetBufferEth` or even `rsETH` value in `ETH`, which would result in `eRsETH` becoming less valuable and earning fewer rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
### RsETHAdapter

Currently, the maximum amount of ETH that all users can deposit in `Kelp DAO` is 100,000 `ETH`, with the current limit around 96,000 `ETH`. This limit is set by Kelp DAO, and if all users deposit 100,000 ETH, it will not be possible to make any more deposits.
The 100,000 `ETH` max stake limit is a restriction for all users collectively, not for a single address.
`minAmountToDeposit` = 0.0001 ETH
```solidity
/// @notice gets the current limit of asset deposit
    /// @param asset Asset address
    /// @return currentLimit Current limit of asset deposit
    function getAssetCurrentLimit(address asset) public view override returns (uint256) {
        uint256 totalAssetDeposits = getTotalAssetDeposits(asset);
        if (totalAssetDeposits > lrtConfig.depositLimitByAsset(asset)) {
            return 0;
        }

        return lrtConfig.depositLimitByAsset(asset) - totalAssetDeposits;
    }
```
Prerequisite: 50 `WETH` in the `Kelp DAO` protocol from `RsETHAdapter`
Suppose the current stake limit of the `LRTDepositPool` is 0.1 ETH, but a user deposits 100 `WETH`, resulting in an increase in the buffer to `99.9` WETH. The WETH tokens held in the `RsETHAdapter` smart contract will not earn rewards, leading to users receiving lower rewards.
```solidity
// Check LRTDepositPool stake limit
        uint256 stakeLimit = RSETH_DEPOSIT_POOL.getAssetCurrentLimit(Constants.ETH);
        if (stakeAmount > stakeLimit) { // 100 WETH > 0.1 WETH
            // Cap stake amount
            stakeAmount = stakeLimit; // stakeAmount = 0.1 WETH
        }
```

If the buffer is insufficient, then the buffer must increase. However, in this report, I highlighted an issue where depositors of `eRsETH` will start earning fewer rewards because significantly more WETH will be in the buffer than necessary.
In this specific case, since Kelp DAO has a max staking limit, any excess WETH that exceeds this limit should not be stored in the buffer.

## Impact
Users will earn rewards that are lower than expected.

## Code Snippet
[src/adapters/kelp/RsETHAdapter.sol#L71-L77](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-napier-update/blob/main/napier-uups-adapters/src/adapters/kelp/RsETHAdapter.sol#L71-L77)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In this case, the transaction should fail if the `stakeAmount` exceeds the current rsETH limit:
```diff
uint256 stakeLimit = RSETH_DEPOSIT_POOL.getAssetCurrentLimit(Constants.ETH);
        if (stakeAmount > stakeLimit) {
            // Cap stake amount
-            stakeAmount = stakeLimit;
+           revert Error;
        }
```
In this specific case, since `Kelp DAO` has a max staking limit, any excess `WETH` that exceeds this limit should not be stored in the buffer and instead result in a transaction revert.